I am Su Wanqiu
You're lucky
I actually found such a strange husband
Since you can brag so much
Why don't you just say it?
You just spent 10 billion
What about the young master Shenhao who bought Wancheng?
If I told you I was
Do you believe it I believe
No wonder hahaha
Oh husband
You see, a stinky beggar like him speaks for his wife
Why don't you give me a statement?
I'll wait for you to speak
Grandpa Wancheng's check-in is on me
Really good yeah
Although the mighty young master Shenlong is missing
It's hard to get started and end.
But my family name is Zhang
He's a big family.
It's not just about spending some money to manage a simple relationship
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard.
This young master is a hands-off shopkeeper
Big and small affairs in the city
Give it all to this richest man in the Qing family
Tang Long gift
Tang Guardian
It's even easier.
My dad and Tang Zhu have a good personal relationship
Believe in spending some money
It won't take long for this to be resolved
Fine. Thank you very much.
You are really a good son-in-law to our family.
Grandpa is a family
Don't be so polite.
I'll just wait for me.
Joker, I had no idea you were such a person
arrogant bragging
self-righteous
You really make me sick.